hey this is Pam dinner here thank you so
much for tuning in to b2b marketing and
more this is a place I want to help you
to become a better b2b marketer I share
my templates know-how and experience to
help you think strategically and do your
job better hopefully by doing that you
can climb the corporate ladder faster
today I want to talk about or answer one
specific questions why do companies need
to invest in b2b marketing you know my
clients senior manager very high level I
was like you know why do I need to
invest in b2b marketing I haven't done
any kind of b2b marketing in the past I
was doing pretty well sure many
manufacturing companies they were able
to grow their revenue in the past 40
years where before the digital internet
they were able to grow their revenue
with very minimal or no marketing
support so they were like you know what
I have been able to do that for a long
period of time so I should be able to
continue well it can be true or it can't
and it really depends right and the b2b
marketing investment can be very
expensive from time to time depends on
what you are doing there are three
answers or three reasons I share with
senior managers who asked me this
specific question number one you need to
have a digital presence and you need to
be searchable if people can't find you
especially your customers they will go
to your competitors having a website
just means you have a website having a
digital presence that means people can
actually find you
that means you actually have relevant
content that you've been constantly
sharing on your website so you can rank
higher organically and you have a very
specific search strategy using a
specific keywords and have appe search
strategy to drive traffic to your site
oh that requires money it's not free
having digital presence and also being
searchable is really critical in the
digital era the second reason I share
with the senior managers you need to
take control of how you want to educate
your customers especially if your
products are complicated or change on
regular basis a lot of time your
customer needs to be educated as
in the b2b side of things and it's very
important that you create content or
have certain kind of information to
educate the customers the way you want
to educate them you know your
competitors may share information about
you is not necessarily correct it's very
important that for you to create content
to refute that change the potential
prospects point of view about your
product one of the way to do that is
content marketing again that's investing
in b2b marketing not free the third
reason I share with the senior manager
is go where your buyers go right so in
the past the good old days the
salespeople they went to conferences and
the prospects they also attended the
conferences that's where they met and
they talked and they build the
relationship from there now people still
attend conferences but before they
attend conferences they are usually
online doing a bunch of research about
the products they are thinking about
buying or the potential issues that they
have and they want to solve so you need
to go where the buyers go especially in
the digital community you need to do
some research about your target audience
find out where they usually go and then
be there for them so here are three
reasons I share with my clients
especially the very senior managers why
they need to invest in p2b marketing
number one have a digital presence and
be searchable number two take control of
how you want to educate your customers
and the prospects number three go where
your buyers go I am sure there are many
many reasons you can share with me why
companies should invest in b2b marketing
well you know saying your comments to me
or share below subscribe if you like the
content and I would love to hear from
you if you have any specific questions
reach out to me at any time I will see
you next week thanks a lot